hey welcome to Pete's RV TV today i'm
chad sheppard we look at the brand new
cougar x-lite 28 SGS and I apologize for
taking so long they get this up we've
had a lot of requests for it this is the
number one selling cougar 5th wheel that
we saw at the dealership here in Vermont
and Indiana when we're looking for a
lightweight tobul 5th wheel with three
slides this is the one for us cooler
x-lite the Cougar brand number one is
the number one selling fifth wheel brand
in the whole world so we're looking for
not only the number one selling brand
but number one on our lot there's a
reason for it when we step inside we'll
see how this trailer really comes to
life you'll notice that has the
one-piece nose cone on it with a
reflective backup mirror and you know
back up the truck this has a remote
control you back your truck up and not
have to get out of your truck you can
lower and raise the hitch height right
inside your vehicle which is sweet come
around here you see the amount of
storage so what I call wet storage this
first little stair and here you can see
it you put your blocking in there your
hoses the stuff that we got that dry
level up there so if you've got lawn
chairs that sort of stuff the cooler use
aluminum studding and the sidewalls
underneath this fiberglass skin that way
it lightens the load this is a half ton
towable series with three slides
electric awning slam latches on that big
compartment doors there Thanks getting
it out of those compartments really easy
lumen wheels number one not aluminum
wheels for weight savings but number two
for looks as well this also has radial
tires not going to see in this video but
this has what's called maybe we can we
peek underneath you're a little bit hold
tight you see right through the CRE 3000
that's made by more ride that's going to
be for better better handling down the
road it has three inches of additional
suspension it's a rubber bushing in
there and what that does is it really
lets us trailer trail nicely behind the
truck on rough roads high winds you see
here the back spare tire huge window in
the back arched roof on the top there we
got five inches on center gutters over
the slides help keep the top of the
slides
clean for water runoff stabilizer Jack's
on the back corners take a quick walk on
the inside here outside speakers tinted
safety glass and all the windows alright
guys this also has a polar pack as you
can see right here that you know polar
package heated and closed underbelly on
this so the trailer only weights bit
7,500 pounds this is what we're looking
for windows are a little frosted up in
here huge 8 cubic foot fridge and this
model has the height of bed salt sleeper
sofa our barrel chairs in the back
storage over the top free standing
dinette table I mean look at the size of
the windows I think the reason why this
might be the number one sellers does
allow the employees here personally like
this unit so they tend to suggested a
lot flat-screen TV DVD player built into
the radio system residential style
lighting the windows and the slide outs
open not a lot a lot of models have that
plenty of storage down below outlets and
I don't realize you don't have outlets
to get at home this cougar is blue more
storage above the sofa there what you
can't see seals little too white tabs a
great below the sink that's for a table
extension that comes off from their
ceiling high storage
you see the TV not only from the dinette
not only from the rocking chairs but
also from the sofa as well call it side
I'll bath as we walk up here reanalysis
has a side aisle bath private bathroom a
cougar monitor panel all the hitch and
all the switches are in a handy spot gas
electric hot water heater has a digital
thermostat take a walk up in the front
bedroom huge wardrobe slide
real wood door that closes off this
front bedroom bathroom has access from
both sides the master bedroom class
shower and it also has access from the
hallway as we walked up porcelain flip
flush toilet
and back down to the main level here
take one last look at the bedroom here
you know more outlets we talked about
that before it's a sign of a better
quality trailer so you can see why this
trailer really has taken I want a cool
little fun fact here i'm going to show
you guys we talked about that remote
control remote control number one puts
the slides in and out if you wanted to
so you can do it from outside if you
want to make sure you're not gonna hit
the post or something of that sort it
also put your awning out if you want to
put your awning in and out with this in
a windstorm you can it also we talked
about the most important point it raises
and lowers the hitch height on this so
you're back in your truck up you can do
it from inside your truck without
anybody helping you so we are going to
Keystone's largest Kruger dealer so we
buy these at the best prices my name is
chad sheppard i look forward to meeting
you someday and help you with all your
cougar questions I'd love to give you a
discounted price on a cougar you can
reach me at Chad at pete's RV calm and
we even look forward to taking your
trade-in so thanks for thinking Pete's
RV TV today I hope to see you soon